Defining multiple values for supported options (#7918)
pypa/pip: docs/html/user_guide.rst

    no-compile = no
    no-warn-script-location = false

> It is possible to **append** values to a section within an config file such as the pip.ini file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to append values to a section within a configuration file such as the pip.ini file.
```

Author: Fixed

        http://mirror1.example.com
        http://mirror2.example.com

    [install]
    trusted-host =
        http://mirror1.example.com
        http://mirror2.example.com

> This enables users to add additional values in the order of entry for such command line args.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This enables users to add additional values in the order of entry for such command line arguments.
```

Author: Fixed!
